you hear that fellas you know it's
playoff time when arenas rockin like
this time to win baby let's go
we're finally back Game two of the NBA
Finals look at us getting our first
assist of the game is Bates who's been
playing so great for a center man for an
undersized Center but man I'm telling
you it's tough playing on my hometown
cuz you know playing college in illinois
state you know you know doing work at
illinois during college you know I
really build that fan base with my
hometown as we get that n1 so you know
it really does kind of suck you know
doing this and playing against my own
home team but you know what I love
Golden State you know Mark Jackson has
treated me will he didn't get fired in
this game he definitely did not get
fired in this game and look at his doing
that fade away over Derek roads you know
thats really has been helping us right
now our fadeaway moves but finally
Derrick Rose is feeling a pro we're
losing this game right now he breaking
ankles he getting teardrops you're doing
everything right now everything about it
he averaging like 31 points a game for
the whole series before this in sears
before that so you know Derrick Rose
definitely came to play this NBA Finals
man we win this we win a championship
dude so I'm setting the screen and dot
that on look at our release it look
faster than me if he saw look at that
man there was like a that was faster
than mellow shot dude and look at this
defense it didn't even work didn't even
work they're pros you know having a
seven-point lead on us and look at Jimmy
Butler getting blocked great defense by
our team right now we down by seven rows
has the ball this is too fast this guy's
just too fast but we get a steal and
let's go did you guys just see that we
just got a Jordan oh my yeah we just
don't from the free-throw line team STG
let's see this one more time I told you
I told you when I equip today that is
gonna be coming soon I gotta steal from
rose and I finally got to go playing
some great defense getting some boards
getting some blocks we down by seven but
after that dunk I'm like you don't want
bro I gotta put the team on my back so
I'm getting this rebound and getting the
shot ago and which I can't believe it
like the crowd is going and saying they
can't believe it happened right now look
at this one hand with the shot oh my god
Baal I'm sorry sorry had to do to your
broken
in this teal go and try to go all the
way it could open I thought I was gonna
do some posterizing Jambo you know we
left these so taking it to the left side
it's really easy it is really really
easy right here my point card has the
bottle fine to me this guy came too late
and if you guys noticed one thing is
that I haven't missed yet I still have
not missed a shot yet playing good
defense you can't steal the ball from me
it's landed all the way with two hands
for protection and look at this we were
down by like ten now we finally up on
one so team sctv doing work right now we
got a brand new mentality as David Lee
catches his poop so I'm telling you man
I'm telling d rose to shoot I gave him
that shot then he pulled me wrong I
forgot this is my career where they
don't miss up his shots and he having a
great game e74 90s 14 points doing mad
work jokes you know what the ball gets a
shot ago and now we down again him so he
fluctuating this leave me going back and
forth back and forth going for this up
right here get it to go to my boy Lee
who's been playing so well for us and
then it's such a close game we down
before I don't want to lose this game
not after I get a Jordan dunk you don't
get a joint dunk and lose man this is
gonna be a SportsCenter top 10 plays of
the week man and look at Danny Green
Danny Green on the Chicago Bulls man out
of the Spurs in this game not in this
person in this game I got the ball
trying to take it right there and I get
called for a challenge we are down we
have we have I mean not only are we down
we have five fouls and we have a C+
rating and this guy is legit not missing
are you serious right on what the heck
is going on to make it worse look at
this horrible defense by myself I go for
the steal and don't leave these open I
mean after watching that wizards game we
should know that we don't leave this
kind of open so I'm losing I'm running
out of options nobody you know my
starter's not and I have no idea what to
do I'm just trying to pass this ball to
call us in and he's not gonna make it
man like this is just not looking good
for us right now you know now even more
of our benches in right here look at
this man I see CJ Miles who barely gets
any time he's a reserve now but you know
he gonna get his time and he's gonna
make this three I'm like you know what
and people like CJ Miles making shots
like that we can win this game still so
it's 19 seconds left rice your Carlson
gets the shot and he makes it to go and
we about to enter the fourth quarter
with five fouls five fouls Taj Gibson
takes a bad shot
we down by three we gotta execute right
here we gotta execute on this I see Iggy
although nobody guarding me easy
mid-range and it's going in easy
mid-ranger that's going in we down by
one point gotta play some defense
double-teaming Derrick Rose who finds
Butler running but no no way the
craziest block that I've ever done chase
down block it was like a dunk I've never
seen a dunk block before but if
something's a dump block that's called a
dunk block on Jimmy Butler I'm sorry had
to do with you bro this OOP didn't work
Luol Deng playing Greek did great
defense i do miss your Luol Deng but I
do get this suit right here to Speights
this is over your first fancy action to
you know taking advantage of this OOP
stuff I can do now when my better
passing bad pass you're gonna regret him
then I thought I was in the juice I'm
crazy you know Jordan dunk again but you
know what it's fine we playing it safe
36.6 or six six rebounds and Jimmy
Butler with the dagger to I was a great
shot I really have a dagger but it was
one heck of a shot it's a tie game I got
the ball I'm taking him all the way I'm
babying this do right now I really am
he's like legit he's here he hasn't made
a shot yet that's his first shot he's
like 14 13 way now so everything's going
well we slam it down you slamming it
down man I lost my voice I'm not
screaming as loud as I normally do cuz
I'm telling you man the face counts that
I did today come on bro don't even mess
minute 35 seconds of the day my voice is
gone but we gained the spoke to go we
were at a c-plus in the end of the third
quarter we bringing ourselves bad with
43 points team STG look at this we get
fouled out but we didn't miss a shot we
had a perfect game Jimmy Butler for 24
14 the defense we play was outstanding
got past has got assists everything
going well and we shot a perfect game
not only we do we should a perfect game
we had the craziest block ever and we
had a Jordan dunk unfortunately at the
United Center and I wasn't on the Bulls
but I'm grateful to be on this team man
so many memories so many game winners so
many crazy intense games love my
teammates love my coach game three
coming soon I hope you guys enjoyed
ace first two games in the series
without even having stepped on your home
court how much confidence do you have at
this point knowing you've got three more
games to go at home and you only need to
win too well I mean we don't want to get
too caught up thinking that way the key
for us is just knowing we got the first
two and that we're in a great position
moving forward we've got two more wins
to go though and these guys are playing
against us here for no reason they're
good team too and they're as capable as
any team in the league of getting hot
and grabbing a couple games right back
so we just got to be ready to go next
time out and I have every reason to
believe we will be